[Music]
very good my dear
channel lovers I hope you are enjoying
Saturday I have spent quite a few hours without
uploading anything to this channel
personally I have had you abandoned
but it's that when you have to do a
job or you focus you do a
job well because if you start doing a thousand
things at once in the end if you do many
things but you do them wrong then I have
uploaded a spectacular video on the
main channel hub and oliveira in which I
dismantle you check everything that has been
falsely said about what happened in
malaga / antonio weak and other youtubers
javi oliveira on my main channel
I am also uploading videos also
about the whole bombshell issue between the
trial of ambergis and johnny depp which
is very interesting and is the
topic of the moment so I invite you
all to go to my main channel
javier and beira and find out all the
sauce tonight we will surely have a
live on this channel to comment on everything
that is happening and it
seems like a fantasy to me what happened last night  I mean
Marta Risk at the moment at the moment we don't
know who's telling the truth but off the
bat I mean I don't understand off the
bat it's been several
days in fact but off the bat
Marta Risk tells us on the program
They Are the 8 that she received a
call from the director of the magazine
Lecturas she tells us and she doesn't mention the
word Lectura but it's taken for granted and
in fact then the director of this
magazine comes on to talk and he passes the
phone to Rocío Carrasco and Rocío
Carrasco is interested in speaking with Marta
to offer her something and Marta left she
declines she declines the offer
and well I do
n't know then the live broadcast of Lectura comes on and
denies it I'm going to lay
everything out on the table because right now I have
n't decided okay right now I haven't
decided who to believe other than to tell
the truth okay and maybe I'm wrong
but I believe in this more than Marta Risk I'm
going to lay everything out on the table
and then we decide well we decided we're
not going to say and until there are
more things but okay then everyone can
think what they want
Marta Riesgo says that Luis Priego
sent her a message saying that he's going to
call her he calls her and when he calls her he
passes the phone to Rocío Carrasco and
Rocío Carrasco
tells Marta Riesgo that he wants to
propose something to her at work that he wants to
propose something to her Marta declines and they say
goodbye and such at this moment it's worth
noting of course that it was when
Marta was really fighting with Antonio
David Vallée two or three weeks ago the
reading director writes to her again in
addition these messages are seen by her
colleagues who are there on the set it
's 8 and he says sorry if it bothered you we did
n't mean to bother you and then he
sends her the poster for this concert
here in Seville for which by the way
very few tickets have been sold about in
tribute to Rocío Juradó also they are going to
do now she has assured more tributes
than they have done in 15 years the
thing is that I find it very strange that
to propose her to sing in the concert
that would be ridiculous and with all due
respect to Marta but no  you are at the
level of the singers who are
singing in those concerts okay you can't
put Marta Riesco on me anymore because it would be
something like if suddenly I do
n't know who sang in 'chronicles of
Mars' instead you put Pastora Soler on me
and all the other artists who have been
singing in our concerts I
mean forgive me but it's an offense and with
all due respect to Marta G as a
journalism professional but as a
singer not heart I mean
sincere things no the same as we are sincere
for one thing we are going to do it for everyone
we are going to be serious if they
wanted to propose singing I would have
told her the call hey you know I
want to propose singing not a
job offer with the reading director by my
side
and when Marta declines it then they
send her the poster it smells to me like what
they wanted to do was for Marta to speak out
against Antonio David
and when they saw that she
rejected it
they said hey Tomás we'll send you the
poster even if it's no longer relevant
because we're not talking anymore but we'll
send you the poster in case you say  something out
there that leaves proof that it was about the
concert or maybe to
invite you to serve coffee at
the concert because to sing I don't know it smells
strange to me I encouraged myself it hurts me
because for
many issues since we have experiences
in this in these types of stories like
that of Rossi Tono
in which no in which I saw him so
obsessed with Rocío Carrasco like
Antonio Vi and that is the impression that it gives
me it is an opinion but this obsession that he
has that if he has to sink now
to sink him in the sense that he
wants to get a conviction he wants to
tarnish the image they want him to be kicked out
of everywhere okay she
is capable of sinking even herself and
in these types of stories when
we have commented on them on my main channel on
this channel because we have seen in many
cases that make me
see certain patterns we do not
agree that they get in touch
with girlfriends or that they live
their life revolves around Antonio David or in
this case both Navi but in other cases
it is of his ex-partner not his life  and the
environment to their tasks in the sense that they
get along with whoever they get along with
and dance in the water but they
get along badly with everyone he doesn't cancel
his ex-partner for her not to support him
but to not cancel him then the
moment they have seen a
scorned woman to Marta risk that if
flirting with sálvame that if I don't know what that
if I don't know how many have said this is
ours we bring it to reading
we offer her the biggest and that she lets out the
biggest of Antonio Ávila that is my
theory okay it doesn't fit me that Rocío
Carrasco is going to invite her to the singing
but come on but not even close but not even
close
now we have the conversation exists let's go
to the conversation and the call
exists in fact the messages in which
the reading director says sorry
if they have bothered you it was for this they
also exist because Marta shows them
to her colleagues on the set
if they haven't put Rocío Carrasco on the phone
what else would they have
said would have been the one  it made
Marta uncomfortable, I mean, it doesn't make sense,
okay,
Luis Priego denies it in the
Lecturas magazine. At the moment, not only did he
call Sálvame and call
Antonio Rossi himself, but he denies it in
the online magazine itself. But he doesn't
deny that there was a call. What he
denies is that Rocío Carrasco
got on the phone. However, it is
acknowledged that Rocío Carrasco
was with him when they are calling
Marta Riesgo. Be careful, be careful there
because we have a call that
is confirmed and what
everyone agrees on is that there is a
call from the reading director
in which Rocío Carrasco
is at least present during the call.
Present when she calls him. Marta
Riesgo declines the offer. And then there are
those messages in which they forgive you for making
you uncomfortable. Or if she is uncomfortable or it
was a fact and it was for something else, I mean,
the only thing the
reading director is denying is that Rocío
Carrasco got on the phone. We are, we are
not,
then Sonsoles says that they have
confirmed that I don't know what that not only
denies
because Marta was going to invent the album
this and look bad and risk her
credibility already total already but total total
total because yes it is true that we
can criticize Marca risk in which she
said that she did not want to be a character
but then she is
in that she is a little bit of a character also
she alone many times the things that she
does the joke that she makes the [ __ ] that she
does entering the rag to sálvame yes yes
but it is that what we criticize is
independent because I have seen for
example journalists making videos on
YouTube giving this to
Marta in this to Marta and it is like are we going to
be objective please what does it have to
do with the character not character that
Marta is what she has said before seeing I don't
know what with this then we are going to be
objective for everyone yes we have
some little lies from Martha's 10 kos
that are not important okay because for
me they are not in the sense of her
credibility as a journalist we have a
mind to direct since that of the age that
these packaging [ __ ] that is that I do not know what
for or what for  they lie that but
well he lied about his age
he had a disagreement with Gloria Camila in
which he also lied about something about
Antonio Avis his birthday I don't know what
well that was not very clear
and then the issue of the Malaga posters is up in the air
in that case she
broke the news because there are people who
say if the posters were true or
they were lies that we still haven't
had the legal issues so I do believe it
okay I don't believe they
will invent it but well if it is a lie
then it would be a big session on
our part with Antonio David but Marta in the
end would be the messenger I mean if
this matter of the posters is a lie
Marta is not the culprit
Marta is the messenger she is giving the
exclusive okay so
when he told me that he was submissive with
several Patiño in Madrid I don't know what and
then it wasn't me it's not my fault mind you me
studying the news they don't transmit to me
no and then on the other hand we have the
magazine lectura that published two covers
about Antonio David's breakup with
Olga and the relationship with Marta Riesco that
everyone  We thought it was a lie but in the
end they hit us in the mouth and it was real,
the news was already released with more or less
malice but it was true, we have
caught lies from the magazine
lectura, we have also caught magazines,
lots and lots, I mean, we have
caught truths like this one from the
covers that in the end we were hit in the
mouth and it was true but be careful, the whole
trajectory we have also wanted to
lie to the magazine lectura and we
know perfectly well which side
the magazine lectura is on and we know
perfectly well who it is against
but we are taking it only as if it were
something personal
to the level that we have the director of
the magazine lectura collaborating in
sálvame just like we have the one from
vanitatis in the documentaries, so
all these parents are a team, be very
careful, okay then, for me
personally without confirming anything of
course because I am nobody to
confirm anything but for me in this
Marta riesgo is not lying,
for me in this Marta riesgo is not lying,
then I have seen people very
close to Antonio Haba affirm that the
call was recorded,
I take that with a grain of salt and I do not fully
believe it because it would be very strange to me
if Marta Riesgo  had time at that
moment to fall
into recording the calls because he has had
time to react in that way okay
but well for me in this maybe
I'm wrong
but cheaper risk is that I don't
see the point
of why invent this unless
it was being therefore in Avilés if
I asked today and they invent detectors but I
don't believe it I don't believe it I really don't believe it
family would leave her in a very bad place she
could have reacted better she could have
accepted the proposal to catch
them not to see what they were
plotting whatever you want but
for me she's not lying really that
's what I believe that's what
attracts me the most I wouldn't put my hand in the fire
for her of course I wouldn't put it there's
the possibility that
for some reason she's making it up
but I don't believe it really I don't believe I wouldn't
put my hand in the fire for her
maybe I'm wrong but if I have to
say right now or who I believe to
me I'm drawn to massmart aresco in
this sense this story makes more sense to me that it was
Marta risk that she
called her to  get anything out of her
against it still because an angry woman
or even with a heartbreak
and as Marta was the risk that she was
even that she called herself Sálvame that if I don't
know what if you tell her a joke about
Xavier that he was talking to Kiko Hernández
that he expected that Marta disco was going to
fall into the trap was going to talk contract
in the vine she declines it okay
just as she has declined many things
imagine falling into this it would not have been it would have
been incredibly stupid no and when
she declines it they send her the message
telling her something that was not in the
call which was about the
concert poster I mean if I'm going to call you
to offer you a job at
the concert I tell you it's for the
concert and I wouldn't have called Rocío
Carrasco I would have called Fidel who is the one in
charge of all this issue of
these issues these relationships and contracts
or public relations we could
call him I don't know but I think that the one in
charge of these things Fidel who to me
sounds like the previous one only to take out and
when she declines then  They send
the message telling them, hey, look, through
language systems, this is about
the concert and he wants to love me, afternoons
with this, families, maybe I'm wrong,
but I want to love me, afternoons with this, I do
n't know how to put the comment box, what do you
think, are you reading? I send a
huge hug and then we'll continue talking
[Music]